docs(fast-data): rewrite runtime management documentation for company level (#1650)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/fast_data/runtime_management/database_setup.mdx

---
id: cp_database_setup
title: Database Preparation
sidebar_label: Database Preparation
---

:::info
Currently only MongoDB is supported as underlying database for storing the application data.
:::

:::caution
It is highly recommended to employ a **dedicated** database / namespace to store Fast Data Runtime Management data. This allows

> restricting which applications have access to the management collections and permits to keep the necessary collections

Reviewer: What do you mean with permits?

all under the same location without additional clutter from other projects.
:::

Fast Data Runtime Management solution relies on a set of collections to carry out most of its tasks, that is
keeping track of runtime views or updating the desired Fast Data Pipelines state. In order to provide
a performant and reliable system, the database must be configured accordingly to support application execution.

> This means that required collections must be created, necessary index added and additional schema validation set on them,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that required collections must be created, necessary indexes added and additional schema validation set,
```

so that only valid data can be read and written to those collections.  

To reach this objective in a straightforward manner we provide an administration command-line interface,
which takes care of creating all the necessary resources on selected database. This CLI is offered
within as a Docker image, which can be run within your namespace every time a new application version is released.

## CLI Configuration

> Running the CLI inside your project can be done exploiting a K8s cronjob. In this [documentation page](/development_suite/api-console/api-design/jobs-cronjob.md) it is described how it can be configured, while here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running the CLI inside your project can be done uses a K8s cronjob. In this [documentation page](/development_suite/api-console/api-design/jobs-cronjob.md) it is described how it can be configured, while here
```

I think exploiting is mostly used as a negative term, taking advantage of the exploitee

are highlighted which specific configurations of the K8s manifest:

- `<URL_TO_CONTAINER_REGISTRY>` &rarr; is the url to your Container Registry of reference;
- `data-fabric/fabric-admin` &rarr; image is employed, which should be found within your Container Registry;
- `<TAG>` &rarr; is the latest stable version of CLI image;
- `suspend` &rarr; the cronjob must be released as suspended, since it should be launched manually only once;
- `<NAME_CONTAINER_REGISTRY_SECRET>` &rarr; name of the secret where are contained the credentials for connecting to your Container Registry;

> - `MONGODB_ADMIN_URL` &rarr; connection string to your MongoDB database.

Reviewer: I'd put this under the example so the user knows where each of these are used in the manifest
